.TH SVL 1 "2025-12-20" "svl 1.0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
svl \- simple service lister for Termux (runit)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B svl
.RI [ command ] " [service ...]"

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsvl\fR is a small wrapper around the \fBsv\fR command (runit),
designed for Termux.

It allows listing services, checking their status, and identifying
which package provides each service.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B svl
.B svl list
List available services.

.TP
.B svl status [service ...]
Show status for one or more services.
If no service is specified, all services are shown.

.TP
.B svl who [service ...]
Show which package provides a service.
If no service is specified, all services are shown.

.TP
.B svl up service
Execute
.B sv up
on the specified service to start it.
If more than one service is provided, only the first one is used.

.TP
.B svl down service
Execute
.B sv down
on the specified service to stop it.
If more than one service is provided, only the first one is used.

.TP
.B svl enable service
Execute
.B sv-enable
on the specified service to enable auto-start of it.
If more than one service is provided, only the first one is used.

.TP
.B svl disable service
Execute
.B sv-disable
on the specified service to disable auto-start of it.
If more than one service is provided, only the first one is used.

.TP
.B svl help
show the help message of the command.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B $PREFIX/var/service
Directory where runit services are stored in Termux.

.SH REQUIREMENTS
.TP
.B Termux
.TP
.B runit (sv)
.TP
.B dpkg

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR --version ", " -V
Show version information and exit.

.TP
.BR --help ", " -h
Show the help message.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sv (8),
.BR dpkg (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Andre Oliveira Mendes

